In this video we'll cover the test
for deleting grades.
And what we'll do is we'll send over a delete request
over to grade/id/gradeType.
All righty, let's swing into our ID and let's get started.
I'll zoom in here and I'll start writing this test.
And this is the test here for deleting a grade.
And the first thing I want to do
is verify that the grade exist before I delete it.
So I make use of mathGradeDao.findById of 1.
And I'll assert that this given math grade is present.
Now I'll attempt to delete the grade by using my MockMvc
and performing a delete request.
This will be for grades/id/gradeType.
And this will be for ID of 1 and grade type of math.
And I'll expect that this is successful.
So everything is okay.
And also, just check the content type.
And then also, I can check the contents
of the JSON response here.
So I can check the ID, first name, et cetera.
In particular here, we want to check the grades here.
We initially had one math grade,
but the test just deleted the math grade.
So we want to verify that we have zero math grades here.
So checking the array size and making sure it's zero.
All righty, so this coding looks pretty good.
Let's go ahead and test it out.
And we see green, green, green.
So this is excellent.
So our test passed
and we're able to cover the case here of deleting a grade.
Good job.